README.md, before:

# how2keap

```
####################################################
#                                                  #
#    Tired of bloated heap implementations?        #
#          __                                      #
#         |  | __ ____ _____  ______               #
#         |  |/ // __ \\__  \ \____ \              #
#         |    <\  ___/ / __ \|  |_> >             #
#    use  |__|_ \\___  >____  /   __/              #
#              \/    \/     \/|__|                 #
#                                                  #
####################################################
```

flag is in /dev/sda

modify ./rootfs/init to improve debugging

exploit is located inside the vm in /pwn (recommend running with `while ! /pwn; do test; done`)

## Techniques

### Privilige Escalation

| File                          | Technique                                                    | Linux-Version | Applicable CTF Challenges                             |
| ----------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| [dirty\_cred.c](/dirty_cred.c) | [DirtyCred](https://github.com/Markakd/DirtyCred) abuses the heap memory reuse mechanism to get privileged | latest        | [Wall Rose](https://ctf2023.hitcon.org/dashboard/#15) |

### Gadgets
| File                          | Technique                                                    | Linux-Version | Applicable CTF Challenges                             |
| ----------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| [cross\_cache.c](/cross_cache.c) | showcasing a cross cache attack that allows using dangeling ptrs to target heap of other slabs | latest  | [Wall Rose](https://ctf2023.hitcon.org/dashboard/#15)
| [per\_cpu\_slabs.c](/per_cpu_slabs.c) | showcasing a how slabs are managed and reallocated on a per cpu basis| latest  | 

## run examples
just replace pwn.c with the example you want to run (i.e. dirty\_cred.c)

## helper scripts:

+ scripts/start-qemu.sh [-g] [-b] [-c]   
start qemu vm, -g with gdb (nokalsr), -b run ./build.sh first, -c run ./compress.sh

+ scripts/decompress.sh   
  run this to extract the rootfs.cpio.gz into ./rootfs
 
+ scripts/compress.sh   
  recompress ./rootfs into rootfs.cpio.gz (i.e. after changes were made)

+ scripts/build.sh  
  build the exploit (pwn.c), and add it to the root of the filesystem /pwn

## buildroot
download [buildroot](https://buildroot.org/download.html) and extract
apply buildroot keap.patch using patch

```bash
patch -p1 -i buildroot/keap.patch -d ./PATH/TO/BUIDLROOT
```
now you can make changes using `make menuconfig` (e.g. changing kernel version) and recompile keap using `make` (might take a while)
the final files (rootfs.cpio.gz and bzImage) are located inside the buildroot dir inside `./output/images`

## helpful links
+ bootlin: https://elixir.bootlin.com/linux/v6.6.22/source

Commit message:

added mmap files race_window gadget

README.md, after:

# how2keap

```
####################################################
#                                                  #
#    Tired of bloated heap implementations?        #
#          __                                      #
#         |  | __ ____ _____  ______               #
#         |  |/ // __ \\__  \ \____ \              #
#         |    <\  ___/ / __ \|  |_> >             #
#    use  |__|_ \\___  >____  /   __/              #
#              \/    \/     \/|__|                 #
#                                                  #
####################################################
```

flag is in /dev/sda

modify ./rootfs/init to improve debugging

exploit is located inside the vm in /pwn (recommend running with `while ! /pwn; do test; done`)

## Techniques

### Privilige Escalation

| File                          | Technique                                                    | Linux-Version | Applicable CTF Challenges                             |
| ----------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| [dirty\_cred.c](/dirty_cred.c) | [DirtyCred](https://github.com/Markakd/DirtyCred) abuses the heap memory reuse mechanism to get privileged | latest        | [Wall Rose](https://ctf2023.hitcon.org/dashboard/#15) |

### Gadgets
| File                          | Technique                                                    | Linux-Version | Applicable CTF Challenges                             |
| ----------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| [cross\_cache.c](/cross_cache.c) | showcasing a cross cache attack that allows using dangeling ptrs to target heap of other slabs | latest  | [Wall Rose](https://ctf2023.hitcon.org/dashboard/#15)
| [per\_cpu\_slabs.c](/per_cpu_slabs.c) | showcasing how slabs are managed and reallocated on a per cpu basis| latest  | 
| [mmaped\_files.c.c](/mmaped_files.cc) |   using mmaped files to create race windows with `copy_from_user` and `copy_to_user`  | latest |

## run examples
just replace pwn.c with the example you want to run (i.e. dirty\_cred.c)

## helper scripts:

+ scripts/start-qemu.sh [-g] [-b] [-c]   
start qemu vm, -g with gdb (nokalsr), -b run ./build.sh first, -c run ./compress.sh

+ scripts/decompress.sh   
  run this to extract the rootfs.cpio.gz into ./rootfs
 
+ scripts/compress.sh   
  recompress ./rootfs into rootfs.cpio.gz (i.e. after changes were made)

+ scripts/build.sh  
  build the exploit (pwn.c), and add it to the root of the filesystem /pwn

## buildroot
download [buildroot](https://buildroot.org/download.html) and extract
apply buildroot keap.patch using patch

```bash
patch -p1 -i buildroot/keap.patch -d ./PATH/TO/BUIDLROOT
```
now you can make changes using `make menuconfig` (e.g. changing kernel version) and recompile keap using `make` (might take a while)
the final files (rootfs.cpio.gz and bzImage) are located inside the buildroot dir inside `./output/images`

## helpful links
+ bootlin: https://elixir.bootlin.com/linux/v6.6.22/source
